                   Player-characters of Immortals
                   ------------------------------

It has become apparent that a policy must be set forth, so here it is.

As an immortal on this MUD, you represent this MUD at ALL times.  This
is not limited to your online-time as an immortal.  When you are on
as a player, you continue to represent this MUD.  To a limited degree,
you even represent this MUD when you are on as a player or immortal
on other MUDs.

It cannot be assumed that people will not know who your player-character
is.  People have a way of always knowing.  Even if they do not know
NOW, they will most likely know later, and your actions will be
remembered.  Therefore, anonymity does not free you from the principles
below.

There are many things that go without saying, but, this being a policy
document, they will be said anyway.

*  Your immortal may in NO WAY be of benefit to your player-character.
   This includes, but is not limited to:

   *  Obtaining information for your player-character with your immortal.
      This is not limited to statistics and whereabouts of other player-
      characters.  This includes general knowledge you would not otherwise
      have access to.

   *  Altering the statistics and/or health of your player-character or
      ANY OTHER player-character with your immortal.

   *  Intimidating other players with a threat that your immortal will
      make reprisals if you do not get your way.  When you are on as
      a player, you are a player.  Other players probably know you are
      an immortal in another incarnation.  That cannot be avoided.
      But reminding them of the fact is neither necessary nor condoned.
      Keep the worlds separate.

*  In some situations, your player-character must be viewed as an extension
   of your immortal.  If it would not be tolerated for your immortal to
   speak out against the hierarchy of the MUD, then your player-characters
   are bound to the same restrictions.  Use common sense... being on
   as your player-character does not make you immune to the restrictions
   of your station as an immortal.

*  In other cases, you should take careful care to keep the attitudes
   of your player-character and your immortal separate.  Role-playing
   is strongly encouraged and occasionally enforced for normal player-
   characters.  For the player-characters of immortals, it is required.
   Just because you personally do not like a person does not mean your
   character will dislike this person.  Most do not particularly role-
   play their immortal character.  This is a shame, but often it is
   too difficult to role-play an immortal.  But when you go down to
   earth as a player, you must role-play.

***

So what does all this mean?  It is fairly simple!  As an immortal, you
represent this MUD.  If your representation is inappropriate, reprisals
will occur.  Whether or not you cheated is not at issue.  If you did
cheat, whether as a player or as an immortal, it is grounds for demotion.
Will you be demoted?  Obviously that depends on the situation.  But
understand that it is a possibility.

Also understand that the facts of the matter are not always relevant.
If the players CONSISTENTLY believe that you are cheating, since they
know you are an immortal, you are threatening the reputation of this
MUD.  This cannot be tolerated.  Initially warnings will occur.  If
this does not solve the problem, further steps will be taken, up to
your eventual demotion.  Pay careful attention to others' impression
of you, it is a very important part of the success of this MUD.

Your purpose on this mud is two-fold.  Firstly, you are obviously
here to have fun.  If it were not fun, there would be no point in
the MUD existing.  Just because you are an immortal does not mean
you should stop having fun.  But, as an immortal, it is also your
obligation to keep the game fun for others as well.  Going too far
overboard when on as a player threatens the enjoyment of others.
As a representative of this MUD, you are accountable for actions
that threaten others' enjoyment regardless of how you are logged on.
