                --* RULES FOR CREATORS *--

1: NEVER MAKE THINGS THAT DO NOT BELONG IN THE SETTING OF THIS MUD. 
   This includes known items/monsters/characters from other worlds even
   if that's also AD&D. Also includes things that we compare with our
   own world. Both in descriptions, as comparisons and otherwise.

   Reason for this rule: If things from other settings pop up the entire
   athmosphere of the game is undermined.

2: NEVER MAKE SUPER-THINGS (armours/items/weapons/spells/monsters etc.)
   This includes all things that are not balanced with the rest of the 
   excisting things in the game. This also extends to your private
   use and private directory.

   Reason for this rule: If the game is not balanced the fun for the
   players is greatly reduced, tho they may love to have such items.
   The reasons why you are not allowed to make such items even for your
   own use are that:
      1: The items has a tendency to get into the possession of players
         whether the creator inteded it so or not. Possible reasons are
         that you drop them as you log out or other creators clone them
         and gives them to players (reason for demotion).
      2: Your private directory is open for all to read and clone things
         from, so they may be misused.
      3: When such an item appears in the game there is no question as
         to who cloned it and gave it away. It's simply always the fault
         of the one who made it.

3: NEVER HELP PLAYERS. This includes giving away money and other things,
   transportig them where they want to go, try to fix bugs that bothers
   them and giving away info that is obviously meant to be hidden. Also
   never CALL functions to raise lower stats/hp/ability scores/gp/etc 
   on players/monsters or to other advantages/disadvantages. This also 
   includes changing their titles/race/etc.

   This does not include answering questions that they need answers to
   to completely understand something in the game.

   Reason for this rule: Obviously helping players ruins the challenge 
   and fun of the game. If they get things too easily the joy of getting
   it is greatly dimished. Also it feels very unfair to the ones who
   work/play a lot to receive an advantage another has gotten for free.
   
   What to do instead: Tell any lord what the problem is, and he'll act
   according to what we've agreed upon in PR-meetings. Also he'll know
   how to fix things safely without creating bugs. Examples of this are
   trying to add a level to any skill of a player or changing their
   guilds or race. NEVER do this.

4: NEVER SHOUT OR OTHERWISE SPREAD YOUR BAD FEELINGS ABOUT OTHERS.
   If there is a problem with either a player or another creator,
   it should be discussed in a lord-meeting. We'll decide what to do
   about it there, and possibly call in the "accuser and guilty" for
   an interview. This includes shouting and chat'ing words that are
   bound to insult people for religious, racial, sexual or other
   similar reasons.

   Reason for this rule. When the creators (the ones people look up to)
   here start spreading ill temper the players are bound to pick up on
   it, and this will make the mud a very unpleasant place to be. Also
   most things we disagree and get angry with each other for are due to
   misunderstandings. After a short discussion most things are settled.

5  USE A TEST-CHARACTER FOR TESTING.  You're allowed to have ONE character
   besides your creator-character for testing things.  Use it for this 
   purpose and for adventuring.  When used for adventuring, the above rules
   for player interference still counts.  When you test new items, ALWAYS
   do this on your test character, and not on players.

   Reason for this rule:  When a player gets hurt due to your actions you
   will not be allowed to reinstate him, and if he gains more benefits than
   you meant to give you'll not be allowed to remove it again.  We need to
   have a common policy in how to rule what should be done in such instances,
   so to keep confusion to a minimum, only lords are allowed to compensate.

6  NEVER MAKE THINGS THAT KILLS PLAYERS WITHOUT PROPER WARNING.  If you make
   a very powerful monster or a room that is likely to kill a player, let
   them be warned somehow before they're dead.
 
   Reason for this rule:  When players die because of their own stupidity, 
   that is of course fair enough, but if it happens without them having
   ample reason for suspecting a "trap" it ruins the fun of gaming.

7  GIVE JUST REWARDS FOR ACTIONS BY THE PLAYERS.  If a monster or quest is 
   very easy to complete, don't give huge rewards.  Most monsters shouldn't
   have any items on them, only the ones that are hard to beat.

   Reason for this rule:  When the game is balanced everything is fun.  When
   you get a big reward for doing just a simple thing the harder quests/
   monsters lose their whole reason for being there.  Players need to feel 
   that they're progressing towards something (the reason for a level system).
   If they get it all from the start, there's nothing to look forward to.

8  READ THE DOCS.  The docs provide information on what functions you can use, 
   and some hints to how things are supposed to work.  It will enable you to
   make better code than if you don't read them.

   Reason for this rule:  We have changes and added some function to make the 
   game run faster and more smoothly.  If you use ...say 2.4.5 code it may work,
   but not as fast or well as it would using our new functions.  Also it will
   help you code things faster and above all in an easier way.     

 9  DON'T WANDER AROUND IN AN OPEN AREA OF THE MUD, ESPECIALLY IN A 
    DOMAIN YOU ARE NOT WORKING FOR.
     Reason for this rule:  You can disrupt any order or theme of the mud just
     by your presense being seen by mortals.  Interaction with NPCs
     can severly disable or cripple critical quests and can quickly
     get you demoted.  Do not fight NPCs, walk around talking to players,
     or any other interaction in the open areas of the mud.  
